:orphan:

.. markdownclerk documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Nov 13 14:46:01 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to MarkdownClerk
========================

Welcome to the MarkdownClerk documentation. The documentation is
divided into different sections so you can get what you need easily.

MarkdownClerk is a simple markdown project tracking generator.

I needed a way to generate easily digestable tasks each day for a large
project. I found that giving myself a limited amount of tasks in a standard
and configurable format allowed me to track towards my goals easily, without
distracting from my ultimate goal. I set other restrictions as well, such as
not carrying any tasks over from previous days or making todo lists with
tasks for the next day, forcing myself to start fresh every day.

And then I needed more things. So I just keep going. Because_

Getting Started
---------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4

   installation
   usage

Additional Notes
----------------

Any additional notes that may help with usage, testing,
building, etc.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   testing
   documentation

Module API Reference
--------------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   api/modules

Metadata
--------

Various data about the module, such as changes, contributors, etc.

.. toctree::

    contributors
    changelog

Third Party Libraries
---------------------

markdownclerk depends on several libraries that are not documented within
these pages. If you'd like to read the documentation on those libraries
feel free to visit the links below:

- Click_
- Jinja2_
- boltons_
- pyyaml_

.. _Click: http://click.pocoo.org/6/
.. _Jinja2: http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/dev/
.. _boltons: https://boltons.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _pyyaml: http://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAMLDocumentation

Credits
-------

This package was created with Cookiecutter_ and the `johnpneumann/cookiecutter-py`_ project
template version 1.0.1.

Documentation is generated by Sphinx_ using the sphinx-rtd-theme_.

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`


.. links go below here
.. _Sphinx: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/
.. _sphinx-rtd-theme: http://read-the-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/theme.html
.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`johnpneumann/cookiecutter-py`: https://github.com/johnpneumann/cookiecutter-py
.. _Because: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFVlyKRVgwg
